If you want to build and deploy multiple
agents into production, you have reached
the right video. In today's video, we
have a very curious learner with us,
Ana, who has a lot of questions related
to AI agents. How are they built? How
are they deployed? So, I'll let her ask
all the question. Hi, Ana.
>> Hey, Shubhham. It's nice to meet you
finally.
>> So, I want to know what is this agent?
What is trans agent? I don't know. Oh,
that's great. I'll tell you. So, what is
an AI agent? An agent is basically a
piece of code. It's a software which has
a particular set of tasks to do.
>> Now, it can accomplish this goal with a
physical environment, in a digital
environment. You can deploy it. You can
run it on your local machine. You can
put it on production. It all works fine.
So, you're liking these slides.
>> Oh, I don't like the slides. Can you
tell me something how I can actually
build an agent?
>> Oh, wow. Let me show you by a diagram.
Now see this setup.
>> Amazing.
>> Now think of this. You write a prompt
and this prompt goes to an LLM. You can
take any LLM. You have clawed and so
many things.
>> Okay.
>> Now this LLM will give you a response.
If you ask
>> what's current date and this LLM says I
have trained on a past data. I can't
tell the current date.
>> That doesn't serve your purpose, right?
>> It doesn't. That's why this AI agent has
built-in tools. Now these tools are
specific piece of code which can get
date for you which can create a code
interpreter which can open your browser.
It can do certain actions. Now if you
see this diagram if you write a prompt
you can invoke an agent.
>> Yeah.
>> This agent talks to the LLM model.
>> Okay.
>> And it also executes the tool.
>> Awesome. Now when you return the uh
result from this tool, get the response
from your LLM, you get the final amazing
response, the final result which gets
your work done.
>> I have a question. Can you actually show
me how we can code this? Looks very
complex.
>> Yeah, don't worry at all. I'll show you
how to code it with strands agents. So
strands agents is an open-source SDK
which allows you to build these AI
agent. It has amazing capabilities agent
to agent support. It is model agnostic.
You can run it with bedrock. You can run
it with light LLM. You can basically use
it on your local as well with Olama. So
let's go. Let's go. Let's get started.
>> Are you telling me like this is some
kind of an expert who will do my work
for me?
>> Exactly. Let's build it. Oh, you've used
Curio Curo before?
>> I haven't. Can you show me how it works?
>> Oh, that's great. That's great. I'll
just open a project. Let's let's do
everything from scratch.
>> Oh, the UI is interesting.
>> Interesting, right?
>> I'll create a new folder. I'll call it
my first agent is fine.
>> Yes. And definitely since I'm building
my first agent with you, I definitely
want to look at it.
>> Oh, that's great. So, we have our first
So, this looks quite interesting.
>> Yeah.
>> Now, I'll just create a new file. I'll
and I'll call it my agent. I just want
to understand uh you are saying my
screen is divided. It says let's build.
What let's build uh is this.
>> Oh, so Kira allows you to wipe code or
specdriven coding. So we we'll just
write the code because you're a new
learner. So I'll just write it. So I'll
create a Python file. I'll call it my
agent. py. That's fine.
>> Yes.
>> Great. Now think of this if you're
importing a Python package. Okay. need
the Python package and strands agents is
open source SDK. So I'll just go here
>> and I'll just write a simple thing.
First I need a virtual environment. So
I'll just create a virtual environment.
Python 3.13
m.
>> Okay. So we are using Python today.
>> Yes. Yes.
>> Okay.
>> Okay. Now we have our virtual
environment. Okay. So Kira lets you know
set up everything. I'll just activate
it.
Okay.
>> Can you see how this is so easy? It
gives me the tips on how I can actually
type and what I have to type.
>> Yeah. Interesting, right? So, all I need
to do is pip install
strands.
>> Okay.
>> Agents.
>> Oh,
>> and it'll collect all the requirements.
And
>> and this is just one library I need.
>> Yeah, that's it. Yeah. And
>> Okay.
>> All I need to do is I I'll just hide
this. Okay.
>> Thank you. from strands. I'll just zoom
in so that you can see it.
>> Yeah.
>> Import
agent. So if you see a is capital, it's
a class.
>> So what do we do with a class? You
create an instance of it. Great. So I'll
create an agent is equal to
>> agent. The class.
>> Oh, that's quite simple. Wow.
>> Now, how do I take an input in Python? A
user input. user input is just a from
the CLI.
>> Okay. So, I'll take an input saying
hello, how are you?
Something like this.
>> Okay,
>> great. And this user input goes to my
agent.
>> Oh,
>> now all I need to do is agent take this
input.
That's it. Oh,
>> with just a few lines of code, I have
created an agent. Now, let's let's run
it.
>> Yeah, please do. I want to see what
output comes.
>> Yeah, let's see. So, Python my agent py.
Let's see.
>> Okay. Hello. How are you?
>> I'm doing good by the way. How is the
Josh?
>> Great. Now,
okay. Just a minute.
It's impromptu. We see some errors,
>> but we always get the results. Here it
is.
>> Let's see. Hello. How are you doing? Is
there anything I can help you with? Oh,
I see. I I gave my prompt here. This
should be me saying uh
Shubhham which says something. And let's
say my
agent.
>> Okay. So I
>> say something else. Yeah. So we are
writing I know simple code.
>> Yeah.
>> Hello.
>> Okay. So now you're talking to the
agent.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Hello. How are you doing
today? Is there anything I can help you
with? Can you see now this agent is
working? Now
>> this looks like a simple, you know,
conversation with an LLM, right? It's
very basic. Now what if I want to add
some tools to it? You remember the
diagram which I showed you?
>> You showed some built-in tools. I just
want to try something maybe show me some
uh math tools or some web request.
Anything anything should be fine.
>> So I'll just install one more library
called install
>> strands
agents tools.
>> And this allows you to get a lot of
built-in tools.
>> Oh my god. So I I'll show you
>> now that this tools library is
installed. I I'll quickly know import
this.
>> Okay.
>> So I'll just go here.
>> And from strands
tools.
>> Ah that's quite easy.
>> Do you want to make a HTTP request to uh
open API?
>> Yes. I want to see what it searches the
web.
>> Okay. That's great. So I'll use this
HTTP request and I'll use a system
prompt.
>> Now what's a system prompt?
>> Uh I'm not aware about it. Can you
explain?
>> No worries. Think of this agent having a
persona. A persona of its own which can
basically understand that okay this is
what I need to do. This is a specific
thing I need to do. These are the tools
I need to use. This is the output I need
to show. So that kind of persona. So are
you telling me that this is like a
instruction that I would give to my
agent? Okay.
>> So you are a helpful agent.
>> Thank you.
while I try to learn from the agent that
you're building. [gasps]
>> And you can use
APIs that don't require
authentication so that we don't have to
pass any credentials and everything
>> and you give
outputs.
>> Okay.
>> And a few lines. Simple.
>> Looks
>> interesting.
>> Yeah.
Now this system prompt I will be giving
to my agent. So system prompt becomes
this. So I've passed my system prompt to
my agent.
>> Okay.
>> Now this HTTP request you see.
>> Now I can have multiple tools, right? So
I'll just use tools
>> and I can give an array of tools. So if
I want to use multiple tools, I'll use
this. Okay.
>> All set to get something.
>> Yes. Let's check this.
>> Okay. Okay. Great. Now let's run this
program.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. Now I I don't want uh Shubam. I
want Ana.
>> Oh. So I'm the user trying out this.
Nice.
>> Great. So I want you to ask this agent
something.
>> Okay. Let's ask it what's the
what's
the temperature
>> in um Bangalore, India?
>> Sydney.
>> Sydney. That's great. What's the
temperature in Cindy? Oh, can you see it
uses this HTTP request tool to get the
weather data?
>> Yeah, I'm seeing interesting.
>> It is interesting.
>> Can you see? Oh, wow. My god, it gave
>> Yeah, it gave me wind speed. That's
amazing. Thank you. I learned something
today,
>> but uh I want to deploy it in
production.
>> Oh, that that's the big question that
these agents we we built it very easily
in in a what 5 minutes. But how to make
sure that these agents go to production,
right? And that's where you understand
that to run this agent and the way we
used to deploy software SAS application
before is different.
>> You need different set of tools and
that's why I want to introduce uh this
Amazon bedrock agent code to youing.
It's very new and I want to tell a few
things about it.
>> Okay. Now you can see a lot of things on
your screen, right? You can see memory,
built-in tools, gateways,
identity, runtime, and I'm pretty sure
you're confused that hey, what's all
this?
>> I'll make it simpler for you. Now, think
of this your agent.
>> You can use trans agents, you can use
lang chain, you can use crew AI, you can
use llama, whatever, any framework of
your choice. Okay,
>> build your agent and take that agent
code in center. Now think
>> this agent needs a runtime. It needs an
infrastructure to run
>> cuz these agents they work differently
from your you know regular code. So they
need a specific runtime.
>> Okay. So I'll get this runtime from
bedrock agent core and this runtime will
ensure it has the exact infrastructure
and environment
>> which is required for an AI agent to
run.
>> Okay. So you're telling me that I can
build practically on any agent and I can
deploy it using runtime.
>> Yeah, that's correct. That's correct.
>> Amazing.
>> Great.
>> And how do we ensure that it is secure?
>> Oh yeah. Yeah. I'll tell uh about this.
Now think of this. your AI agent if I
tell that hey
>> I I love uh chai I love coffee
>> and tomorrow it forgets
>> it's not a good agent right so that's
why we need this memory layer
>> bedrock agent core gives you memory as
well
>> okay
>> now think of this I showed you a few
tools right
>> right
>> you can get those tools as well
>> okay
>> now you were talking about identity
>> yes
>> all these agents they need a secure
environment so that's Why we have
identity as well? We have AM access
roles as well that can help your agent
be secure. They can connect with each
other very securely. You get everything
in bedrock agent core.
>> Okay, that sounds amazing.
>> Interesting. Right. You want me to uh
actually run?
>> I I I do want to see a demo of how you
do it because up until now you have
shown me it's a very low code solution.
Can you show me how this runtime works?
Okay. So, you want this agent to go into
production?
>> Yes.
>> Oh, let's do this. So, now that we have
a lot of libraries,
>> okay,
>> I need to create a requirements.txt
file. Okay. Requirements.
>> Okay. So, we are separating the imports
and also the libraries in a separate
file just to keep my console clean.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So if you can recall what
all libraries did we inst install?
>> We installed strands
>> strands.
>> We installed strands agent tools.
>> Okay. Then we installed strands agents
tools.
>> Yes.
>> There's one more thing which is bedrock
agent core.
>> Okay. Okay. The names are quite simple.
>> Yeah. Simple. Now all I need to do is
I'll just use pip install.
>> Mhm. hyphen r I want recursively install
everything
>> requirements.txt txt.
>> Okay.
>> And that installed bedrock agent core.
How easy it was. How fast it was.
>> Very easy and very fast. I'm amazed.
>> Great. Great. Now what I'll do, I'll try
to create a bedrock environment for
this. I'll just hide this.
>> So from
bedrock agent core import
bedrock agent core app.
>> Okay.
>> Okay. Great.
And it's just this much we need.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And this where bedrock
agent core app I think we need
we need a runtime. Right. I I showed you
this diagram.
>> You showed me.
>> Yeah. So from bedrock agent core I need
a runtime so that my agent can run. So
I'll do this.
>> So you are providing it the environment
where it can actually execute its
operations.
>> Exactly. Now I need an application where
I can wrap everything. So I'll just
create app is equal to
>> bedrock agent core app.
>> Okay.
>> Interesting, right?
>> It is interesting and quite simple.
>> Yeah. Now this is your system prompt
which goes to your agent.
>> Okay.
>> This is your user input and this is your
output. Okay.
>> Now think of this. This
>> input and output has to be sent to
Bedrock agent core. So you need uh an
entry point for that. Okay.
>> So what I'll do, I'll just wrap this up
in a function.
>> Okay.
>> I'll call it invoke.
>> Yeah.
>> And this function needs a payload so
that I can send my prompt. So I'll just
give a payload.
>> Okay. So essentially we are creating a
wrapper and we are just pointing the
entry of the bedrock runtime to that
particular function.
>> Exactly. Now I'll just do aterate app
dot entry point. Now this invoke method
becomes my entry point.
>> Okay, that's amazing. It's
>> interesting, right? It's it's very
simple. Now instead of user input coming
from your CLI, I can get it from my
payload.
>> So in my payload,
>> I can do a get because it comes like a
dictionary,
>> right?
>> I can do a get and I can ask for
a prompt.
>> Okay.
>> Something like this.
>> Okay. Yeah.
>> Now this user input goes where? In my
agent.
>> That's correct.
>> In my agent. Yes.
>> Yeah. Now this has to be sending some
response.
>> Mhm.
>> This response I'll return.
>> Okay.
>> Okay. Think of it like an API. I I have
sent a request and it is getting a
response.
>> It's like a two-way communication
between
>> Exactly.
>> Okay.
>> So response dot message. It will have a
message, right?
>> Okay. Yes.
>> Great. Now this is what we have built.
>> Okay.
>> This looks great.
>> Looks good. I just want to see
>> Yeah.
>> how I learned all this.
>> Uh I'm pretty sure you must have taken
some time and learned.
>> Yeah. Yeah. There's a documentation
which I followed. Okay.
>> It's called strandsing.com. It's there
in the description and you can read
through all these you know examples and
applications.
>> Okay.
>> And let's try running it. Now we might
get a few errors. That's completely
fine. Okay,
>> we'll walk us uh you know we'll walk
through it.
>> Okay,
>> let's see.
>> Okay, and you're saying this is quite
simple to learn.
>> Yeah, it's very easy. Now, let's say I
want to run this locally first. I
directly don't want to deploy it on
production. Let's try to run locally.
So, if I want to run this file, so if
name
>> Mhm.
>> you know how how the local files run.
>> So, basically in Python, we are trying
to instantiate the class and run it.
Okay. Okay. So this becomes my entry
point.
>> This I can directly
>> run.
>> Oh, got it.
>> Easy, right?
>> Now generally this if you want you can
add a port so that it runs on a certain
port
>> but you can write a print that your
agent
>> Mhm.
>> is live.
>> Giving it the uh message that we get to
know our agent is running successfully.
>> Yeah, correct.
>> So let's let's run it. Python.
>> Yeah.
>> My agent py.
>> Oh, let's see.
>> Quite simple. So, while this executes, I
just wanted to know you referred to
strands agent.com. Just wanted to know
is this open source?
>> Yes. Yes. Strands agents is open source.
Yes, that's correct. Okay.
>> So, can you see your agent is live?
>> Oh, yes.
>> Interesting.
>> Yeah. Oh no, what I'll do, I'll just
open another,
you know, tab in my CLI and I'll just do
a curl,
>> right? Okay. So, we are now requesting
our agent who is already running in the
other tab.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> I'll just use it's it's running locally.
So, I'll just do localhost.
>> Okay.
>> At80.
>> Invocation.
>> Okay. And we need to give it the
payload.
>> Yeah, that's correct. That's correct.
Now let's say oh oh wow can you see
>> yes
>> ko do it doing its work okay now I'll
give a prompt saying um hello a simple
simple hello prompt
>> let's see if it works hello
>> and I'll go back to my screen here can
you see hello I'm here
>> to help you make HTTP request to API
>> yes and this is fantastic even with a
simple hello message it asked me to uh
go through the help documents and
everything. Yeah, I can see it.
>> It's it's been quite some time we
learning AI agents. Are you finding it
easy, difficult? How's it?
>> It's very easy and I learned about
strands. I learned about AI agents. I
learned about bedrock runtime, how I can
deploy it in production and also I
learned it how it can be secured.
>> Yeah. How easy it is. Now there's
something which uh you know came here
with my uh slide.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Uh so is this some kind of reasoning
you're talking about?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You got it. So
chain of thought prompting. It's a very
interesting way of prompting. But think
of this
>> your agent which I showed right here.
You gave it a prompt. It used a tool. It
gave you output.
>> But
>> if you talk in general life, let's say
you have a task given by your manager.
>> Now what do you do?
>> You plan it.
>> Yeah. you visualize how I will be doing
it. Then you retrieve all the
information and you analyze okay this is
how much time I'll take
>> and then you actually do it right.
>> Yes.
>> So there are a chain of thoughts that
you formed in your mind.
>> Okay.
>> Just think of it in a similar way.
>> It's one of the most effective ways of
prompting
>> where you give it a stepbystep execution
plan.
>> Okay. So you're telling me I can do this
with an agent. I can ask it to think
step by step and that to logically.
>> Exactly. Okay.
>> So with strands agents and agent core
you can basically build this agent which
uses chain of thought prompting multiple
agents
>> and actually deploy it to
>> I do want to see it now. I am very
intrigued.
>> Superb. Now think of this. You can see
your screen right?
>> Yeah. think that you have given a prompt
that uh can you tell me how do I learn
trans agents?
>> Yes.
>> Okay. Now if you have to give it a
stepby-step execution all the logical
thinking that it does it does not do it
one way. It uses different agents. So
there will be a planner agent to plan
that this thing this task that you have
given it'll take two to three steps.
it'll break down into two to three steps
>> and then there's a retriever agent
>> which can have tools that can retrieve
data can retrieve uh you know data from
XY Z sources
>> okay
>> then there is another agent called
analyzer now this analyzer agent
>> will understand okay all the data that
I've retrieved is it correct
>> is it validated
>> okay
>> everything goes to your validator which
ensures a smooth output that you are
actually requesting. Can you see how
interesting this is?
>> Okay, so you're telling me all I just
need to do is code these four agents and
they are going to do the task for me and
also they will reason out why they are
doing that task.
>> Exactly.
>> Okay.
>> Interesting. You want to see it live
demo?
>> Yes, I do want to see.
>> Let's go. Let's do this. Okay. So, this
was your first agent.
>> Yeah. Huh? By the way,
I have already written the code for your
multi- aent. So, do you want me to
explain it a bit?
>> Yes, I do want to understand I'm seeing
something like there are four agents.
Can you explain what
>> how and how they will collaborate with
each other?
>> Great. So, these are a few supporting
libraries I've used just to ensure that
I use a proper typing the proper best
practices of Python.
>> Right.
>> I've used bedrock agent core runtime.
Okay,
>> remember it from the last time. Great.
I've used trans agents and I have used
>> the strand tool HTTP request.
>> So I'm pretty sure you are fine with the
imports.
>> Okay. Okay.
>> Great. Now I've created a bedrock agent
core app
>> right
>> for four agents.
>> Okay.
>> Now I have given them names. So I have a
planner agent, retriever agent, analyst
and a validator.
>> Okay. Okay. Now I've created a class
called multi- aent system where in the
init function I have initialized these
agents. Now see the system prompt I've
given for each and every agent. Very
interesting.
>> Yes. And I see for the planner you have
mentioned that we should break down the
tasks. Why do we need that? Is it for
the same thing we were talking about?
>> Exactly. Chain of thought prompting. So
I have broken down the initial prompt
into different tasks so that a validator
gets its own task. The retriever gets
its own task.
>> The analyst agent gets its own task.
>> Okay, that's amazing. And that is why my
agent will now not be likely
hallucinating. It will give me logical
responses.
>> You got this, Ana. I am I'm amazed to
see how curious and on point you are.
>> Thank you.
>> Great.
>> I'm learning a lot.
>> So if you see the system prompt, break
complex problem problems into two to
three actionable subtypes. Now it'll
divide these thing between your
retriever analyst and the validator if
you see the proc validate analysis
quality accuracy and completeness. Okay.
>> So the output from analyst agent
>> goes to your validator. The output from
retriever agent goes to your analyst and
the planner actually you know divides
the thing and gives it to them.
>> So it's delegating my tasks. I don't
have to do it.
>> You got this.
>> Okay.
>> Great. So are we done with the init
function? You got it.
>> Great.
>> Now in order to execute this agent, I
have created all the agents. Whatever
prompt you give, it goes here.
>> Okay.
>> And it gives the output.
>> Easy. So I've just executed this agent.
So this becomes my entry point.
>> Okay.
>> Now process query is where I want my
query, my prompt to go and then it goes
through these execution. Okay.
>> Now this is what I've done. I have added
a few metrics so that I can check if my
agent is performing well. And by the
way, agent core gives you observability.
So all these metrics can be stored and
you can then analyze that how your agent
is performing.
>> So you're telling me I can actually
track the health of my agent, the
performance. Oh my. You got this. And
finally, I've built my response.
>> Whatever user query I have given, you
will be giving. by the way
>> okay
>> if it's success if it needs review I've
given a confidence score
>> and all the execution steps you know
chain of thought stepby-step processing
the summary and the results
>> okay
>> and in the payload I'll get the prompt
let's say I don't give a prompt I have a
fallback that how I can help you today
>> so you're telling me that you actually
if I don't give a prompt it will still
respond me something
>> okay okay That's correct. Oh, by the
way, this multi- aent chain of thought
system will start its server on a given
port.
>> Okay.
>> Now, let me see. Are you attentive?
>> Can you remember on port number 880? Is
there something already running?
>> Yes.
>> Yes. My server here, my agent, it's
still running on my local. So, I'll just
kill it so that it doesn't collide with
my new multi- aent setup. Right.
>> Okay. Or if I want I can change the port
as well. Okay.
>> By the way, can you see this repository?
It's I've added a few examples for you.
I've added a cool read me. I've added a
few test cases and the requirements.
>> Okay.
>> Great.
>> That's a well structured project you've
got there.
>> Thank you so much. Let's build it.
>> Okay.
>> Okay. Now, I want you to understand a
few things. I want to run it locally. I
can directly write Python.
>> Mhm. multi-agent
py and this should do the work. Can you
see starting the server on80?
>> Yeah.
>> But this we already did, right?
>> Yes.
>> The question comes how to make it work
in production.
>> And that's what I want to see.
>> Yeah. So for that you need a toolkit
>> which is known as bedrock agent core
starter toolkit for a starter like you.
[laughter]
>> Okay.
>> Okay. I already have
>> we already have a requirement
requirement.
>> Exactly. So can you see I've added
bedrock aure core starter toolkit.
>> Yes.
>> Interesting. Right.
>> Now I'll just do pip inst.
>> Okay. So we are installing the whole
requirements.txt.
>> Ah so requirements.txt.
Enter.
>> Okay.
>> Interesting. And can you see everything
got installed
>> right?
>> Interesting. Right.
>> And that's in a few seconds.
>> Yeah. Yeah. It's quite fast.
Now think your
agent needs a runtime.
>> Yes.
>> So have you worked on these applications
before where I have built an application
and I wanted to run it anywhere. Uh yes
remember something known as docker.
>> Yes.
>> Yeah. Now if I have to write a docker
file for this it's a lot of task
>> right.
>> Yeah. What if I tell you in just one
command your docker file will be
written. I am intrigued. You have to
show me that.
>> Okay, let me show you. So, all I need to
do, you can't see any Docker file,
right?
>> No,
>> no magic here.
>> No.
>> Now, all I need to do is with that
starter toolkit, I'll just use agent
>> core.
>> Okay.
>> Agent core configure.
>> Mhm.
>> Oh, my hero is already doing that magic.
Okay. So, agent core configure
multi-agent. So this becomes as an entry
point.
>> Okay.
>> Asian code starter toolkit will
understand this entire code and based on
this code it'll write a docker file for
you.
>> Yes. Yes. That's correct.
>> And that's that's just in one line.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> I'll show you. So agent core configure
entry point. Enter. Now it'll ask you a
few questions.
>> Okay.
>> So agent core name. So agent name multi-
aent. So execution role name. Do you
want to create a name? Let's let's give
it some new name.
>> Let's put AI agent rocks.
>> AI agent rocks. That's great. Okay. ECR
repository. So you uh remember this
docker I was talking about.
>> Yes.
>> Now this Docker file creates an image.
>> Okay.
>> Now this image has to be hosted in a
repository, right?
>> So that's why we need ECR, elastic
container registry.
>> Okay.
>> Okay. Now I'll if you have any
repository of your own you can put it or
you can just press enter to autocreate.
>> It does.
>> It does create.
>> Okay. Okay.
>> Now can you see there's a need for a
dependency file which is your
requirements.txt.
>> Oh
>> as it's in the same directory you don't
have to do anything. But if it's in some
other directory you can put the path.
>> Okay.
>> I'll just press enter. And it detected
the file.
>> It auto detects. Can you see how
interesting era we are living in?
>> Yes. And we are just like writing one
line of code and you're getting things
done. Sometimes we don't even have to
write it. It's autoprompting. That's
amazing.
>> Yeah. You just have to think big.
>> Yeah. So you can even have oath
authorizer or you can use IM. So I don't
want oath. I'm fine with IM. So I'll
just click no. Okay. Great.
>> Now do you want to allow the header?
>> Let's
>> allow list. allow to everyone.
>> Let's not.
>> Okay, that's fine. I'll keep the default
one. And that's all.
>> Yeah,
>> it's done.
>> Can you see
>> it's all done. Configuration is
complete.
>> Interesting. And there's a Docker file
ready for you.
>> I can see that. And that's very
>> It's interesting, right? Everything is
ready for you. It uses open telemetry
instrument so that you can get all the
logs, all the observability built in.
>> Okay. Okay.
>> Interesting.
Now once I have the configuration done,
>> what I'll need to do, I just need to
launch this agent.
>> Okay.
>> So agent core
launch.
>> Mhm.
>> Let's take this rocket to the moon.
Agent core launch. Now see what happens.
>> Seeing that launching.
>> Can you see?
>> And are you telling me that now it's
running in my Docker with the container
with my image goes to the container
registry? Can you see it uses code
build?
>> Yes.
>> Which builds my docker file to an image
which uses this image to run a
container.
>> Okay.
>> Interesting. Can you see everything is
happening in front of your eyes?
>> Yes.
>> Now whatever your source code is is it
zips the source code and puts it to S3.
Okay.
>> So it can use it whenever it wants.
>> Okay. And also because I should not lose
it.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> Can you see it's how how fast it is. So
it has ceued the process provisioning
done download source. Oh by the way all
this uh code built this file is also
given to you.
>> Oh interesting right.
>> So I get a YAML.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> So we have done everything to make sure
you just have to code your agent and
leave it [clears throat] to us.
>> Yes, I can see that. And it's very
intriguing. We just wrote few lines of
code for strand agents deployed an AI
agent using bedrock agent core. Now we
have a few lines of code written in kro
to deploy it in the production and
actually we are running it.
>> Yeah. Oh, I see the role that you said
AI agent rocks
>> it's not there.
>> So let's let's try creating a default
role. That should be fine.
>> Yes.
>> Okay. Okay. So let's configure this one.
Mhm. again.
Okay.
>> H
>> auto create. So enter to autocreate. It
auto creates. Great.
>> Nice. ECR we'll use the previous one.
That's that's completely fine. The
dependency file. Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. So we have used everything as the
previous one just the role
>> role we have switched
>> auto created.
>> Okay.
>> Let's see if this works.
Great.
Okay.
Interesting.
Okay,
>> it's cued now. Takes some time but
should be fine.
>> So till the time it runs. I just wanted
to know you mentioned something about
chain of thought working with
multi-agent and can you explain why it
is needed while I know hallucinations is
one thing we should avoid. What are the
other reasons?
>> So one thing is if I want an output
which is a bit more structured.
>> Okay.
>> It has proper reasoning. Okay,
>> a proper thought process went to it and
not just random lot of you know tokens.
I can give a chain of thought so I can
refine it in every step.
>> Okay.
>> Okay. And the delegator agent that is my
planner is also doing all these steps.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. So can you see the
launch failed again? Why? Because the
name multi- aent already exists. Oh
okay.
>> So before you know there's a secret
before giving this demo I was trying the
running this so that yeah so so that's
why it is giving a conflict.
>> Okay.
>> And it says use auto update on conflict
flag. Oh I I'll just use that.
>> Okay. So it's also giving you the
suggestion what you should do.
>> That's correct. So I'll just use this
autocomplete on conflict flag with my
launch.
>> So this command launch I just need auto
update on conflict.
>> Okay. So it will shut down the previous
one, remove the conflict and run the
latest one.
>> Exactly.
>> Oh, that's amazing.
>> So that's why I've kept all the errors
with you so that you know whenever you
try you get all these errors and you're
able to fix it.
>> Yes. And uh as a starter I would
definitely need these insights which is
amazing. Okay,
>> I hope you understood all this code
build the docker ignore which it created
the docker file it created. Okay. It's
all very necessary and the way we used
to build our software previously
>> and the way we are doing it now in the
era of AI, it's very different.
>> Yes.
>> Okay. Are you liking the new one?
>> I like this. So, uh can you tell me how
from a traditional software, this AI
software is different?
>> Yeah. So, as you see this AI agent, we
have a runtime. It uses memory. It uses
built-in tools. uses a lot of component
to make it a production ready thing.
>> Yes.
>> Yeah. So we need a different
infrastructure, a different set of
capabilities to deployed and that's why
strands agents agent core.
>> You see the point now by the way
>> our
>> agent
>> agent is deployed. So code build
deployment was successful
>> without any cuts without any edits. I'm
sure you are able to now deploy your
agent with all the errors in this video
only. Yeah,
>> I'm pretty sure whenever you face any
problem, you'll able to solve it. Let's
run it.
>> Yeah, that's exciting.
>> Let's let's do this. Let's do this. So,
it says the next step. If you want to
check the status of your agent,
>> you can check the status.
>> Let's let's see if our agent is healthy.
>> Okay.
>> And that's always the first step to do
just to check if my agent is everything
is fine. So, can you see the
observability dashboard is live? You can
check how your observability, the logs,
everything for your agent here. Can get
the cloudatch log, get the deployment
info, everything.
>> Okay.
>> Now, are you ready to invoke your agent?
Let's go. Let's go. Agent core invoke
prompt. Let's give a simple prompt.
Hello. Just to see everything is fine.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
Are you ready to see the magic? By the
way, this is not on your local agent
core will invoke.
>> Okay,
>> this particular multi- aent py.
>> Okay, which is running in my other
instance.
>> Yes,
>> it'll do all this thing processing the
query. It'll go to your multi- aent
system, start processing the query, use
all the four agents,
>> okay,
>> and give you an output. So, as it uses
chain of thought prompting, the output
time
>> might differ. It goes agent to agent,
>> right?
>> It Oh, but it's fast,
>> right? Plus, it actually it's giving me
the reasoning why it gave that
particular answer. So, it is bound to
take a little bit of time.
>> Yeah.
>> Can you see the query that I gave was
hello,
>> I got a status success. Yes.
>> So, my first step was going to agent
planner and it gave a very good
confidence. It took around 5.86 seconds.
Yes.
>> The content was like an assistant
giving, oh, you got this. Yeah.
>> Interesting, right?
>> Yes. Can I ask this particular agent how
I should learn strand agent?
>> Go for it. Just go for it. Write the
prompt.
>> How to learn
strand agent. Let's see if my agent is
smart enough.
>> Interesting. And can you see in the
retriever tool uh in the retriever agent
here
>> I have used tools HTTP request. So it
goes to the official documentation gets
all the data and bring it to you.
>> Okay.
>> It'll take some time because it goes
through the chain of thought prompting
and it'll get you the best output.
>> Okay. So till the time these things are
coming up can you also guide me how I
can start my journey uh for bedrock
agent co I know for strand I should go
to strandagent.com and while the agent
is getting me the response of the other
details can you explain to me how
bedrock agent co should be started
>> great great so if I had to start it from
scratch so what I'll do I'll basically
go here and I'll just write strands.com
so this is the place where I can get all
of my
>> okay
>> documentation user guides examples API
references and it's open source if you
want to contribute you can do it
>> okay
>> yeah so I'll just go to user guide so
whatever I told I I basically understood
from here
>> okay great now if you want to see you
asked a question for bedrock agent core
go here Amazon bedrock agent core all
the examples
All the setup, everything is mentioned
here.
>> That's amazing. And it's a one-stop shop
for all the resources I want to learn.
>> Exactly. And also, you'll get this in
the video description. How interesting
it is. Let's see if we got our result.
Oh, it's it's still thinking. It's
taking some time because it wants to
teach you how to learn strange agent.
Oh, maybe it it should say that. Just
watch this video, you'll you'll
understand. Okay, great. So uh by the
way till now is everything clear? I hope
you got everything how this works.
>> Yes interesting right?
>> I do and it now creates a com complete
flow of the understanding I should start
building my agents on strands.
>> I should productionize them with bedrock
agent core.
>> I should actually start doing the best
practices like I should start with an
easy agent. Yeah
>> and then scale it. Exactly
>> right. And also for having the logic and
reasoning built into it, I should be
using chain of thought prompting.
>> That's so true.
>> I also wanted to know uh how did you
learn about this? What was your journey?
>> Yeah. So whenever I want to learn
anything, I I go by this simple rule,
read the documentations, read the manual
and I start experimenting it.
>> I start practicing it. I create
projects. I ensure whatever I'm doing,
I'm putting it in open source. I'm
making it, you know, learn in public.
>> I make sure I share my learnings with
others.
>> And that's why I use these, you know,
ways. So I can build with communities. I
can build with all my friends, all my
colleagues. And that's how I
>> communities sounds interesting.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Uh does AWS has communities?
>> Absolutely. We have a lot of user
groups. They're in India, all over the
world.
>> Okay. Okay. Which community group are
you a part of?
>> Oh, I'm part of Pune community.
>> Oh, okay. I need to join one of those.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. So, I see it's the response is
ready.
>> Yeah, the response is ready. Let's go
through the response. Oh, it's quite a
big one.
>> So, can you see how to learn trans
agents? Success. It took a few steps. It
has a good confidence
>> and it gave you everything. Oh, wow.
uh analysis of request you are asking
about learning strand agent this appears
to be a technical topic okay it also got
a small typo you saw typo okay
>> interesting so can you see based on
research I can provide with
comprehensive guide so it went to the
internet it understood this uh the
documentation which I was showing and
can you see it gave that GitHub link
okay
>> the comprehensive user guide everything
in your output and by the
This is scalable
>> and despite the typo, it was able to
give me the answer.
>> That's true.
>> Okay,
>> that's agents for you and deployed in
productions using bedrock agent core.
>> Okay,
>> interesting.
>> So today we have definitely learned
something. We have learned about
strands. We have learned about bedrock
agent core. We have learned about how to
deploy it. We have learned the best
practices how we should begin our
journey on this. That's amazing. Thank
you Shbam. Thank you so much Ana for
being such a curious learner and so
helpful in doing the entire demo. It's
amazing. Thank you so much.
>> And do you want us to look in the
description for the other links and the
references?
>> Absolutely. Yes. Thank you so much for
watching the video till here and I want
you to check out the description
obviously like the video if you really
liked it and subscribe to the AWS
developers YouTube channel and I'll see
you all in the next one. Thank you.